
(In my opinion it's also partly because many of the most interesting
devices simply don't make much sense in the context of a general system or
can't even be attached to it so it's not so interesting to write about.)


(At risk of whining too much: while FIFOs help the common case, you can
argue they actually make the system harder to get correct because by
making discarded  more rare but not never, they make it harder to test
this code.)


(Rather than, say, do what professors do and
try to trick a student into doing the work that they no longer can in
their dotage.) 


    If you are using DMA or memory to communicate with the device and
    start getting weird results: immediately think caching issues.
    But it could also be that the device does weird things.  E.g., the
    GPU on the r/pi uses the L2 cache as its own memory.  If you don't
    know this you can use the L2 yourself, leading to weird corruptions.

     (My mild hypothesis is that this passive voice is a remnant of
     the fact that back in the day many hardware jocks were washed out
     physicists and this is how physics papers are written.  Not sure.)


In addition to passive voice, its the rare datasheet that has
    examples.


    Almost the same idea: a reasonable habit when you do things: lean
    on why you did them.  When you do A and then B --- why do you think
    this order is ok?  Would B and then A also work?  Just A?

blog posts.
it's usually a bad idea to look at stackoverflow or
script kiddy cut and paste fo stuff you don't understdand.
but its where the device manufactuer might say what they did.


cache issues.   it appears when the response comes back, it's not
tagged with the address.  so the CPU assumes it was for the
last one.

    if you load and store to a single device: they work as you would
    expect

    loads and stores to a single device occur as ordered

    loads and stores to two diff

    * AH: should have them measure the read and write for gpio

if it has N it won't have inf.

known values.  or reference.   often some calibration.

